README.md, before:

# blood_alcohol_calculator
**Easy BAC (blood alcohol content) calculator with Widmark factor** <br>
The goal of this program is to show the BAC calculation method with Widmark factor. Be careful, this is not a real alcohol-meter. If you want to know your exact BAC, buy an alcohol-sensor. However, there are different rules in different countries about drinking and driving, please DO NOT DRIVE if you have drunk alcohol.<br>
After a party walk, call a cab, an Uber or use the public transport.

<p><img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e6/US_Navy_051130-N-7293M-003_U.S._Navy_Master-at-Arms_1st_Class_Robert_C._Tempesta_places_a_%22Don%27t_Drink_and_Drive%22_sign_in_front_of_a_wrecked_car_outside_the_front_gate_of_U.S._Naval_Base_Guam.jpg/640px-thumbnail.jpg" alt="foo" title="Don't Drink and Drive!" /><br>
source: Wikipedia<br>
copyright: Public Domain<br>
File:US Navy 051130-N-7293M-003 U.S. Navy Master-at-Arms 1st Class Robert C. Tempesta places a "Don't Drink and Drive" sign in front of a wrecked car outside the front gate of U.S. Naval Base Guam.jpg<br>
Created: 30 November 2005</p>

Commit message:

docs: add feature list, inputs, outputs
- Calculate BAC with Widmark factor to one drink is done, others in progress
- Add input(s) and output(s)

README.md, after:

# blood_alcohol_calculator
**Easy BAC (blood alcohol content) calculator with Widmark factor** <br>
The goal of this program is to show the BAC calculation method with Widmark factor. Be careful, this is not a real alcohol-meter. If you want to know your exact BAC, buy an alcohol-sensor. However, there are different rules in different countries about drinking and driving, please DO NOT DRIVE if you have drunk alcohol.<br>
After a party walk, call a cab, an Uber or use the public transport.<br>

# Feature(s)

[x] Calculate BAC with Widmark factor to one drink<br>
[ ] Calculate BAC with Widmark factor based on different types of alcohol<br>
[ ] Calculate BAC with Widmark factor based on different types of alcohol and different times<br>

# Input(s)

[x] Sex<br>
[x] Volume of drink (dl)<br>
[x] Alcohol concentration (V/V%)<br>
[x] Body weight (kg)<br>
[ ] Time of drinking
[ ] Different types of drink

# Output(s)

[x] BAC (Blood Alcohol Concentration) 

# Warning!
<p><img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e6/US_Navy_051130-N-7293M-003_U.S._Navy_Master-at-Arms_1st_Class_Robert_C._Tempesta_places_a_%22Don%27t_Drink_and_Drive%22_sign_in_front_of_a_wrecked_car_outside_the_front_gate_of_U.S._Naval_Base_Guam.jpg/640px-thumbnail.jpg" alt="foo" title="Don't Drink and Drive!" /><br>
source: Wikipedia<br>
copyright: Public Domain<br>
File:US Navy 051130-N-7293M-003 U.S. Navy Master-at-Arms 1st Class Robert C. Tempesta places a "Don't Drink and Drive" sign in front of a wrecked car outside the front gate of U.S. Naval Base Guam.jpg<br>
Created: 30 November 2005</p>
